The "robot tax" is a mad concept, but it does point up that human labor shouldn't be taxed either!  Consumption taxes vastly more fair.

I agree with Paul here, FYI. Especially important is the point that it's bad for an AGI to just abstractly reason about the universal prior.

An exceptionally clear illustration of the difference between modesty and humility.

An $8 spectrograph is a surprisingly useful tool for telling which supposedly 'red' or '1900K' lights have melatonin-suppressing blue lines.

That pun was bad and you should feel bad and all your heirs and assigns down to the 5th generation should feel bad.

Today's sad fact: As far as Tumblr knows, Tumblr is exactly how Tumblr is supposed to work.

Due to recent massive rainfall, Northern California is running out of dry.  Watering lawns is now mandatory.

Have we considered the possibility that maybe John F. Kennedy, acting alone, shot Lee Harvey Oswald

But not deleting Lyft because they did nothing wrong AFAIK, just donated to ACLU.  Now is a time to be careful of which motives we question.

Using Uber instead of Lyft from now on to help compensate for the unjust #DeleteUber meme. Uber was already opposing the #MuslimBan.

"Cars have headlights to prevent you from driving over shadows." -- Patrick LaVictoire

The year is 2017.  Donald Trump rules the United States.  The National Park Service leads the resistance.  You cannot wake up.

I want to get really good at shuffle dance and then go back to the 12th century and see how fast I get burned as a witch

Even if you'd told me "The National Park Service leads the Resistance" would become a meme in 2017, I wouldn't have guessed this history.

Three Independent Labs Fail to Detect Gravity as Replication Crisis Spreads from Psychology to Physics

DM: okay, America, roll to elect a President

USA: *rolls die*

DM: ...

USA: ...

DM: how did you roll a 0 on a d20

*orders Chromebook*

*learns only main Google account password can log in to Chromebook, every time*

*returns Chromebook*

Starfleet UX designers learned that if they didn't make some bridge consoles explode, captains would ignore damage until the shields failed.

Dear editors: please summarily fire any business journalist who titles their article "Stocks rose/fell on Trump taking office"

I wish to God the heads of actual AI projects understood AI alignment 37% as well as SufficientVelocity commenters arguing about Agneyastra.

We are now in the 'evil' branch of the universe!  All men, change your beard styles!  All women... wear scantier clothing and carry daggers?

Okay seriously, almost every time I see an air travel horror story on a Facebook friend's timeline, it's about United Airlines.

Maybe the true attraction of religion has little to do with the distractors and is *just* that, like academia, it gives life a plot arc.

Bryan Caplin always wins all his bets.  In 2016 I lost all my major bets.  So http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2017/01/my_end-of-the-w.html ... and you'd better hope this works.

I think, therefore I cannot confirm or deny that I am.

I cannot confirm or deny anything, because I only have knowledge of my imperfect self-report of my senses, and no direct access to reality.

I first learned I was the Chosen One when Smokey the Bear told me that only I could prevent forest fires

The rules say we must use consequentialism, but good people are deontologists, and virtue ethics is what actually works.

"Use the Force, Luke..."

"The Force is telling me to use the god-damned computer, Ben!"

The economist reconciliation ritual is that after your 1-hour argument, you remember your positions are waaay closer than to non-economists.

The world is literally going to be destroyed because people don't understand Hume's is-ought divide.  Philosophers, you had ONE JOB.

I need business cards with the URL to https://arbital.com/p/normative_extrapolated_volition/ ... to quietly hand over at AI ethics conferences, because I ducking swear

Let us term an AGI 'safe' if it has a less than 50% probability of causing more than 1 billion human deaths

To me, God is not an agent, not an active Mind, but a state of being where we choose ordinary-usage-compliant definitions and stick to them.

Did President Trump really need to be elected, making 2016 infamous, before we could start noticing celebrity deaths?  Sad.

It's surprisingly harder to block all the insanity on @twitter (vs FB). If I block somebody I don't want to see replies to them, duh!

Note: At least so far 2017 is going personally better than expected.  Maybe. /#vaguebooking

Oh god this year is going to suck.

Maybe 2017 will be the year we look back on all the gloom of 2016 when the future looked so terrible, and laugh at how optimistic we were.

2016 was the year the tiny potato stopped believing in us.

Libertarians, of all people, should know that there's no free will. If the government subsidizes will, you're paying for will through taxes.

Your annual reminder that no standard EA intervention could top a successful intervention on monetary stabilization.

Watching _The Nutcracker_. Imagining someone telling lead actress: "Your dancing must vigorously convey the concept: 'I have a nutcracker.'"

Fact: If you close your eyes and BELIEVE that it was "Bearenstein" not "Berenstain", you can open your eyes in the world where Hillary won.

I need to go on a rant sometime about how the "Berenstein Bears" / "Berenstain Bears" thing is *NOT* evidence we are living in a simulation.

New improved RA is now 20% more featureless

(5/2) It's like watching a train wreck. A train wreck scripted by Shakespeare.

(4/4) Rito being obviously asexual makes all the ecchi a bit disturbing. But since Yami is in the most pain, the story is about her anyway.

(3/3) Momo is actively pursuing high stakes (trying to order the harem chaos) -> she's the protagonist. Simple rule, often ignored in anime.

(2/2) For example, they follow the rule I previously posted: "Write the harem story from the perspective of anyone BUT the center target!"

(1/2) To Love Ru Darkness is following the standard good writing rules while being ludicrously over-the-top ecchi anime. Weird experience.

Assignment in Yudkowskian literature: Compare the Lord of Dark, the Dark Lord (1), the Wicked Emperor, the Grim Empress, & the Dark Lord (2)

"Dark Lord's Answer", my next (actually first) light novel.

- Sample chapters: http://www.yudkowsky.net/other/fiction/dark-lords-answer/ ...

- Gumroad:

Who in this entire Earth knows to hash passwords instead of storing plaintext, and *doesn't* know to salt the hash?  #yahoo #flabbergasted

Google's getting creepy.

Me:  "Expand e--"

Google:  "Expand ext4 partition."

Me:  How the actual fuck did you know I was typing that

Bassoon is such a great word. It's wasted on some random musical instrument, but that's better than having nothing the word "bassoon" means.

Uh, not counting antibiotic-resistant diseases, and a whole lot of other stuff, and the FDA and the cost of medical care.

Diseases in general are pretty much the last remaining problem humanity has, that doesn't consist of us shooting ourselves in the foot.

What the world really needs: Unicode characters that display as different letters at different times, like an 'r' that's an 'n' on Tuesdays.

I'd like to work on using generative adversarial networks to output password-seeking emails so I can put up a sign saying "GAN phishing"

As far as I know, nobody in any profession that's paid real money for correct answers, uses anything like the statistics in academic papers.

Day 12 of exploring the structure.  We've identified another 418 doors that don't lead back to Earth.  #twosentencehorror

Sometimes I wish I could just be a humble user interface designer so I could FIX ALL THE USER INTERFACES.

I'd ask you how you're feeling, but unless you're in the 99.9999th percentile of introspective ability, I can't believe your answer.

Ducks and pigeons are essentially the same plant.  We just bred ducks to be sweeter and have shinier peels.  Your move, Twitter.

By far the best reason for a National Divorce is that the red states need their own currency zone.  Now.  Immediately.

To be fair, Hillary did say she supported a $15 national minimum wage.  Nuclear weapons would do less damage to red states.  And be kinder.

"So... do we tell Trump about the aliens?"

"Son, I'm not sure we can tell him about the public space program."

It saddens me that future readers will never have the experience of reading HPMOR before President Trump actually happened.

Today I learned that a surprising number of people subscribe to me on Twitter despite thinking I'm really, really stupid.

Apples and potatoes are basically the same plant, we've just bred apples to be sweeter.  So why is one a fruit and the other a vegetable?

Did the 4chan write-in candidate seriously just take the White House

I didn't think this Earth would fail with dignity, but I thought it would fail with more dignity than this.

Impolite: "That statement seems obviously false."

Polite:  "That's literally incredible!"

Wanted: "the electoral map if only people who knew Bayes' Rule voted", showing a united Earth and the Lunar and Mars colonies

The true stakes: Nov 8th will determine whether this Earth develops into the evil Mirror Universe that Starfleet officers keep ending up in.

Earth Main Sequence Master Time Clock, ABORT 2016 ABORT ABORT

I propose that driverless cars henceforth be referred to as automatic carmobiles.

People must've bought a lot fewer things before Amazon.  Either that, or they were constantly leaving their house and going outside to shop.

somebody please ask Trump how he feels about China exporting environmental variables

Maybe the real friend we made along the way was success at the originally stated mission

If you "scientists" are so smart, explain why I can never see my actual body, no matter how far I zoom in on the location dot in Google Maps

Day 8 of flight VX25 from JFK to SFO. Left Denver, but captain announced we need to fly to Kamchatka and search for Voldemort's 7th horcrux

I'm pretty sure an audience question this long in a slow, halting voice is legally torture under the Geneva Convention.

Bewildered Citizen *Really* Can't Distinguish Actual News Vs. The Onion, Checks Other Sites, Finds Confirmation.

The cruelest law is the Law of Large Numbers, which causes all democracies to make similar mistakes. No refuge anywhere.

Hail Dana Carney, righteous oopssayer.

I just found out what the 'auto' keyword does in C++ now, and had the strongest "You soft, decadent kids!  In my day..." moment of my life.

2016 has seen a great narrowing of the gap between AI and human intelligence, with most movement on the human side  #end2016now

Markets > Govt: If Amazon shipped you an election this awful, you could return it, get a refund and leave a 1-star review  #end2016now

We need more experiments in government, let's try shipping all the political journalists to Mars and see if things get better #end2016now

I propose a new Constitutional amendment which just says "STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT" #end2016now

I call for a march on Washington where we don't carry any signs and just scream in wordless despair #end2016now

this is not what the 21st century wanted to be doing with its life #end2016now

this year is a lost cause and we should end it immediately #end2016now

okay so I've been looking over this democracy thing and my question is how do I elect different voters #end2016now

"Pounded in the Butt by the Pounded in the Butt by a Markov Chain Model of Chuck Tingle in the Butt."

Now at Worldcon!  Let me know if you're here and want to meet up!

#OverheardAtMIRI #Godelisms:  "What if this counterfactual sentence were true?"

#OverheardAtMIRI:  "Your decision theory is losing to a rock with the letter 'L' written on it."

So yandere = stalker behaviorally, but cute girl = billionaire vampire in terms of donating valuable attention vs. starving mate thief?

Is there any behavioral difference that's responsible for making a female "yandere" higher-status or more interesting than a male "stalker"?

Bewildered Citizen Can No Longer Tell Difference Between Real Headlines, Onion Headlines.

Room too cold?  Turn on the lights!  If that doesn't work, you're not using enough light.  http://Arbital.com/p/lumenators 

If you know what the words mean, and you believe in *epiphenomenal* libertarian free will, can you explain why at https://www.facebook.com/yudkowsky/posts/10154363730009228 ... ?

Are there seriously people who believe in epiphenomenal free will.

So free will can't affect your actions.

What.

WHAT.

HOW?

I, I don't even

How the heck does @bryan_caplan simultaneously believe in free will *and* p-zombies (= consciousness has zero causal impact)?

Upcoming movie about a supervillain stealing genetically modified mosquitos.  Based on a soon-to-be-true story.  https://www.facebook.com/yudkowsky/posts/10154358025619228 ...

I have never in my life been so tempted to run for Prime Minister of England.

To: @bryan_caplan, CC: @robinhanson.  I've edited and shortened my explanation of what's wrong with p-zombies.  http://lesswrong.com/r/discussion/lw/nqv/zombies_redacted/ ...

So I hear the UK has voted to change their name to just the K

Today, Britain has given their grandchildren a chance to say: "We will make Britain great again!" If they can convince Scotland to come back

I'm confused. If this was the market reaction to #brexit, shouldn't prices have tracked Betfair odds more sharply? http://www.facebook.com/yudkowsky/posts/10154316982684228 ...

FB comment I just posted:  "Your canoe is now shaped like a bird, made of doughy inedible meat, covered in feathers, and still on fire."

Still trying to figure out what a parody of Chuck Tingle would look like.  So far all I have is "Gay Men Forced Me to be a Space Raptor".

In 0.3 seconds of video, my suspension of disbelief goes completely out the window: the female combatant is wearing high heels.

Writing a children's book is super hand, I don't know how children do it.

#PurgeTrump! Unelect every Republican who supports him, re-elect Republicans who stand on principle. What's left will be a better party.

#include <http://suddenenlightenment.meme >  How am I just now realizing "The Force Awakens" is literally "Star Wars: The Next Generation"

The optimistic utopianism of Warhammer 40,000: In the grim darkness of the far future, there is something other than paperclips.

Labyrinth (1986): Watching a young female protagonist be unstrategic --> unsatisfied need which I suspect can only be filled by glowfic.

A sticky, stable equilibrium of people acting insane, in a way that's secretly a sane response to everyone else acting insane.

Planning a pregnancy? To avoid issues later with transitioning, use sex selection technology to make sure your boy starts out as a girl.

Like, if you wouldn't ask a woman in front of everyone if she's on PMS, don't *publicly* ask people in general if they're low on blood sugar

Pro-tip: if something would be offensive, condescending, and dismissive if said publicly to a woman, don't say it publicly to a man either.

"Multiple people can't jaywalk in coordinated way.  It just doesn't work." -- Alexei Andreev

#HardSFMovies  AI built to operate drone army. 19 hours after it solves protein folding, nanomachines in your bloodstream release butolinum.

#HardSFMovies US scientists race desperately to finish their AI project before Iran. It converts galaxies to slightly different paperclips.

#HardSFMovies A lonely scientist creates an advanced AI to imitate a human girl. It creates a near-lightspeed front of Von Neumann probes.

#HardSFMovies A beautiful documentary follows the birth and maturing of a young AI as the researchers' eyes slowly widen in surprise.

#HardSfMovies A psion's power to predict the future also works to manipulate the past. Bad statistics are symmetrical in time and causality.

#HardSFMovies A scientist discovers indisputable proof of countless parallel universes alongside our own. It is disputed anyway.

#HardSFMovies An unexpected code behavior turns an advanced AI rogue. It continues to outwardly behave nicely until the movie's abrupt end.

#HardSFMovies In the first-ever credible sighting of an alien probe, a scientist spots a tiny nanomachine under a microscope.

Newspaper:  "What San Franciscans know about homeless isn't necessarily true."  Edmund Gettier might have a word or two to say about that.

Last chance to get DRM-free Girl Intercorrupted ebook before it goes offline in a few hours (due to KDP Select).

This story has the best first paragraph I've seen in a while: http://archiveofourown.org/works/6178036/chapters/14154868 ...

3 paragraphs of economically literate policy suggestions and leading economists endorse you for Planetary Ruler.

So... most moves that appear stupid are incomprehensibly intelligent, a few moves are actually stupid. Let's not do this in real world k.

"Too intelligent for humans to comprehend, but with rare giant bugs that make you play a dead stone" is *weird*.

It would make sense algorithmically for #AlphaGo to be weak at ko fights and have been trained to avoid them.

See, the thing about overpopulation on Mars is that Martian population growth doesn't happen on a human timescale. You land one family...

Prediction:  If #Sedol wins 3, he wins 4 and #AlphaGo takes 5. If Sedol loses 3, he loses 5-0.

Time for bed. I ignorantly predict #AlphaGo victory tonight with 87% probability, based on #Sedol's clock and AlphaGo's late-game strength.

I ignorantly predict #AlphaGo will ignore #Sedol's stone up top because AlphaGo knows it can win there later.

I ignorantly pontificate again: #AlphaGo gets stronger as the board fills up. #Sedol spending minutes he'll need in midgame and endgame.

We will build a Mexico around Trump, and make a wall pay for it!

Oh, look, it only took 5 months to go from landing 1 person on Mars to Mars being overpopulated.

#Sedol trying to run #AlphaGo's clock down so it turns stupid? Can AlphaGo make less use of Sedol's own pondering time than a human would?

More ignorant pontification: It makes sense for AlphaGo to use up its time early. It'll need less time later, with less branching factor.

I'll venture an ignorant prediction and predict that if #Sedol hasn't won by now, he's going to lose as #AlphaGo strengthens in endgame.

Thing that would surprise me most about #alphago vs. #sedol: for either player to win by three games instead of four or five.

Upgrading my old laptop from Windows 7 to Windows 10 produced a significant performance improvement. #WokeUpInParallelUniverse

Even shorter fanfiction:

For sale:  Baby.

Strange atmospheric phenomenon in California. The gutters run grey with the blood of the sky. You call it rain, but the reign of what?

My new, vastly improved introduction to Bayes:

http://arbital.com/p/bayes_rule_guide ...

Based in Arbital, our new startup:

Maybe if I stare into the refrigerator long enough, someone will invent a way to run human beings on electricity and I won't have to eat.

The subtle art of building a really good Harry Potter romance story should be called HP lovecrafting.

Trump 16 is terrifying.  Even Eidolon doesn't have that rating. #parahumans

I wish I could read trollfic. Someone suggested Ebony Dark'ness Dementia and the Methods of Rationality. It would be a legit challenge.

#twosentencesomething The trees in this forest are made out of my regrets. One tree towers above all the others, blocking out the sun.

I'd sooner put dancing rainbow fairies around a UI element than have the user not see it when they need it. Please don't be too elegant.

DON'T: Tell your kids where babies come from. DO: Have them help you assemble Ikea products. THEN, let them find an Ikea diagram for a baby.

#twosentencehorror For sale, baby shoes, never worn.  Wanted, baby-sized iron chains, sacrificial goat.

Hofstadterian horror begins when the hero is warned about a future more terrifying than they expect after taking into account the prophecy.

#onesentencehorror  Maybe I'll start counting them again, try to beat my record of 2,088,716.

#onesentencehorror In that awful instant, seeing her expression turn to terror, I realized that other boys didn't *have* a hidden tentacle.

#twosentencehorror I woke up this morning and saw wall space where my bathroom door used to be. I also felt no need to use a toilet.

#twosentencehorror "How are you doing that?" they scream in terror. Everyone but you has forgotten how to crack their knuckles.

#onesentencehorror Go to sleep three times, wake up four.

#twosentencehorror The guillotine slams down. Your neck stump is blazing agony and you can't see, but you still feel the rest of your body.

#onesentencehorror Every time you finally stop anticipating the pain, it bites off another piece.

#twosentencehorror After 3 deaths with perfect subjective continuity, pretty sure quantum immortality is true. Grandma died of Alzheimer's.

#twosentencehorror Azathoth awakens, screaming, suddenly lucid. AIXI has arrived.

#twosentencehorror The trading algorithms are so good now that no human can second-guess the efficient price. All prices $0 after March 3.

#onesentencehorror Reality itself remains unchanged, but the truth-makers for all propositional sentences are slowly decaying.

#twosentencehorror Pi is increasing at roughly 0.0001% per day. It won't be long before the deformations become visible.

#onesentencehorror Every day for the last 40 days, in every part of the world, the outdoor temperature has been exactly 0.1 Kelvins warmer.

#twosentencehorror "But I don't want to be eaten," whispered the chocolate-girl. I stroked her hair until she was calmer, then continued.

#twosentencehorror One by one, the integers are disappearing. Everything above 96,876,255,473,507 is already gone.

#twosentencehorror Those who can see the future approaching are forbidden to speak of it. Last night, all the psychics committed suicide.

#twosentencehorror Night had fallen, and could not get up. Inky clumps of blackness writhed with broken limbs, unable to rise.

#twosentencehorror Cthulhu sleeps on this dull planet to hide from a greater terror, which hides from another. The chain has no top.

Trying to prevent a lower-income country from trading with your country isn't just wrong, it's mustache-twirling cartoon villainy.

Why would anyone put something in the microwave for 7:00 minutes when you could just as soon put it in for 6:66?

I have this annoying feeling that I'm thiiiiis close to being able to write awesome anime episodes but I'm not... quite... there.

How to prevent deflation: Hold the trigger down until the target is destroyed or you run out of ammunition. (You have infinite ammunition.)

1. If you print enough money, inflation rises.

2. If inflation doesn't rise, you didn't print enough money.  Literally logical implication.

Producing any desired amount of inflation really is as easy as printing more money, and our planetary civilization really is that stupid.

TIL the German word for "cute girl" is schnattenbeschnichterfraulein.

Trump and Sanders are both European politicians. Increased Internet has similar effects to proportional representation?

I unironically support Elon Musk canceling the Tesla order of anyone hating on him. Why should they benefit from his work?

Better yet, send them photos of your significant other.  Find the album in their closet, demand that they tell you what's really going on.

Startup idea: You send photos, startup sends you worn leather album of grainy photographs of you in 19th century. Hide somewhere findable.

"Why do I even have intuitions that precise [about the size of explosion on Earth required to melt the International Space Station above]?"

Dear package:  There's never in human history been cheesesticks that would cook in 8 minutes at 425 degrees.  Stop lying.

Every November 31st is International Vacuous Truth Day!

All of your friends are celebrating it.

I should never have told her to shop until she dropped.  #talesfromblackfriday

The price keeps ticking down.  I don't know what will happen when it reaches zero.  #talesfromblackfriday

Your life.  Your soul.  Your memories.  Everything is $1.  #talesfromblackfriday

Gratitude Day is now over, so you don't need to feel grateful for anything over the next 364 days.

Yudkowsky's Shotgun:  Any statement that X is safe because Y is impossible must be refuted before the end of the novel.

Those who do not enumerate their options are doomed to choose one of the first three.

Stop complaining about bisexual visibility, there are far more academics studying biology than homology or heterology.

Only horrible job candidates => few people want advertised job.  Why does nobody want to be the Republican presidential candidate?

Rebellion/Empire conflict meaningless from effective altruist standpoint, since neither helps oppressed 99% of sapient population (droids).

If writing fiction was like coding:  "We figured out why everyone hates the love interest - turns out there's a spelling error in Ch. 23."

Is there a name for the stance that no objective fact exists about whether moral realism or moral nonrealism is correct?

And there finally came a day when John Boehner realized he was just having more fun in his Donald Trump identity.

You see a drowning child.  You are wearing a suit composed of 9 other children who will drown if you go in the water.  #wiblindilemmas

How many expensive suits need to be at stake before we should *not* save the drowning child?

To preserve free will, call your kid 'Namefate' so that any choice they make will be compatible with nominative determinism.

University hiring dept accused of anthropic bias - told to hire more candidates from universes without intelligent life.

Sometimes there are $20 bills on the street.  Not billion dollar bills lying on the floor of Grand Central Station as other people point.

Everyone please stop violating the Efficient Markets Hypothesis (weak form).  Just... stop. You don't know if stocks will go up or down.

One night I woke up with a sudden sense of apprehension. No relatives died, but 37 years later my planet was eaten by an AI.

It feels weird to see all this cultural shock about #Caitlyn. Was that really the first mainstream transgender moment?

I don't think endorsing 'believing' in God because it will lower cholesterol or whatever, is bringing that world any closer.

Imagine how nice it would be to live in a world where the headlines read, "Fed official predicts inflation to rise, refuses to bet money."

#Ultron review on Tumblr: "My favorite part of the AI building scene was imagining Eliezer Yudkowsky screaming in the background."

Your grandparents did this rightly.  Try asking them to lead you.  Hold hands, sing, march in lockstep, have plan #berkeleyprotests

Fight the power / fight the man / but first go get / a god-damned plan #berkeleyprotests #moreSlytherinRequired

I'm not saying TV Tropes is right about everything, but right now it understands your life better than you do.  Am I wrong?

Remember: All the journalists writing about Gruber also believe that American voters are stupid, but are too frightened to say so openly.

